INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP SEMINAR SPEAKER RECOMMENDATIONS

The objective of the seminar is to expose our students to a variety
of computer science and IT-related industry experiences. This will
help them select their future careers and prepare for them.
Thank you for agreeing to help us with this!

A 30-45 minute presentation is expected. Slides are helpful but not
necessary. Simple is best.

Below are suggested topics and an outline for your seminar presentation.
Please treat this as a suggestion—anything and everything is interesting.
If you choose to spend the whole presentation on your favorite programming
language or a similar topic, by all means do so. Please do not share any
non-public information.

Rather than giving direct advice (e.g., "study hard," which students tend
not to be receptive to), explain why, share stories from work that support
your advice, and discuss your personal experiences.

These talks are meant to increase student contact with people who can
tell them about careers and experiences in the "real world."

TOPICS/OUTLINE

- About yourself: your college experience, your career highlights, how
  you chose to become a computer science professional, and why you
  work for your current company;

- About your company: name, products and processes, number of
  employees, number of IT professionals, and anything interesting or
  unusual that students should know;

- About your work:
  -- challenging or interesting projects,
  -- human interactions: with your supervisor, colleagues, and customers;

- Tools of the trade: what computer languages, tools, and processes
  you use at work (and how), and which ones you wish you used;

- Job/internship opportunities at your company and how to obtain them;

- The future: where do you see the industry going in the next 1-5 years?

- Advice to students: what courses to take, what to do in college, how
  to prepare a resume, which companies to choose, what opportunities to
  pursue, and how to get them.

  What would you have done differently? Or, what have you done right?


Thank you,
